about.markdown, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

## **Installation Requirements**

The latest version (2021a) of the Brain Dynamics Toolbox requires **MATLAB R2020a** or newer. No specific MATLAB toolboxes are needed.

## **Official Handbook**
The [Handbook for the Brain Dynamics Toolbox](https://www.amazon.com/dp/0645066915) (Heitmann &amp; Breakspear) is the official software manual.
It can be purchased online from most bookstores.
[Chapter 1](https://github.com/bdtoolbox-org/bdtoolbox/releases/download/2021a/HandbookSample2021.pdf) can be downloaded for free. It describes the installation process and getting started.

## **Online Courses**

Self-paced online training courses are provided via the [Teachable.com](https://bdtoolbox.teachable.com) platform:

**[Toolbox Basics](https://bdtoolbox.teachable.com/p/toolbox-basics)** is a beginner-level course that guides you through the installation of the software and running your first model. Study time is 2 hours.

**[Modeller's Workshop](https://bdtoolbox.teachable.com/p/modellers-workshop)** is an intermediate-level course for those that wish to program their own models. Study time is 8 hours. 

## **Example Models**

The toolbox ships with many examples of ODEs, DDEs, SDEs and PDEs. Some are featured in our [Gallery](../Gallery). See Table 1.1 of the Handbook for the full list. 

## **Citation**

If you use the Brain Dynamics Toolbox in your work then please cite:

* Heitmann S & Breakspear M (2021) *Brain Dynamics Toolbox* (Version 2021a). Zenodo. https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.5626265

* Heitmann S & Breakspear M (2021) *Handbook for the Brain Dynamics Toolbox.* 6th Edition: Version 2021. bdtoolbox.org. Sydney, Australia. ISBN 978-0-6450669-1-3.

* Heitmann S, Aburn M, Breakspear M (2017) *The Brain Dynamics Toolbox for Matlab.* Neurocomputing. Vol 315. p82-88. doi:10.1016/j.neucom.2018.06.026

## **Community Collection**

Upload your models to the [bdtoolbox community collection](https://zenodo.org/communities/bdtoolbox) on Zenodo.
All uploads are assigned a persistent digital object identifier (doi) that can be cited in papers.
[Zenodo](https://zenodo.org) is supported by [CERN](https://home.cern).

## **Software Archives**

Previous versions of the Brain Dynamics Toolbox are archived at [zenodo.org/record/5626265](https://zenodo.org/record/5626265).

Commit message:

Includes URLs on the buttons. Added some version info.

about.markdown, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

## **Brain Dynamics Toolbox**
The latest release is **Version 2021a**. It includes bug fixes and improvements to the graphical interface.

## **Installation Requirements**

Version 2021a of the Brain Dynamics Toolbox requires **MATLAB R2020a** or newer.

## **Official Handbook**
The [Handbook for the Brain Dynamics Toolbox](https://www.amazon.com/dp/0645066915) (Heitmann &amp; Breakspear) is the official software manual.
It can be purchased online from most bookstores.
[Chapter 1](https://github.com/bdtoolbox-org/bdtoolbox/releases/download/2021a/HandbookSample2021.pdf) can be downloaded for free.

## **Online Courses**

**[Toolbox Basics](https://bdtoolbox.teachable.com/p/toolbox-basics)** is a beginner-level course that guides new users through the installation process and running the example models. Study time is 2 hours.

**[Modeller's Workshop](https://bdtoolbox.teachable.com/p/modellers-workshop)** is an intermediate-level course for those that wish to program their own models. Study time is 8 hours. 

Both courses are hosted on the [Teachable.com](https://bdtoolbox.teachable.com) platform.


## **Example Models**

The toolbox ships with over 30 examples of ODEs, DDEs, SDEs and PDEs (Table 1.1 of the Handbook). Some of these models are animated in our online [Gallery](../Gallery).

## **Citation**

If you use the Brain Dynamics Toolbox in your work then please cite:

* Heitmann S & Breakspear M (2021) *Brain Dynamics Toolbox* (Version 2021a). Zenodo. https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.5626265

* Heitmann S & Breakspear M (2021) *Handbook for the Brain Dynamics Toolbox.* 6th Edition: Version 2021. bdtoolbox.org. Sydney, Australia. ISBN 978-0-6450669-1-3.

* Heitmann S, Aburn M, Breakspear M (2017) *The Brain Dynamics Toolbox for Matlab.* Neurocomputing. Vol 315. p82-88. doi:10.1016/j.neucom.2018.06.026

## **Community Collection**

Upload your models to the [bdtoolbox community collection](https://zenodo.org/communities/bdtoolbox) on Zenodo.
All uploads are assigned a permanent digital object identifier (doi) that can be cited in preprints and preprints.
[Zenodo](https://zenodo.org) is supported by [CERN](https://home.cern).

## **Software Archives**

Previous versions of the Brain Dynamics Toolbox are archived at [zenodo.org/record/5626265](https://zenodo.org/record/5626265).

## **BSD License**
The Brain Dynamics Toolbox is open source software, distributed under the [2-clause BSD license](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-2-Clause).
