gallery.markdown, before:

---
layout: page
title: Gallery
permalink: /gallery/
---

## **Point Neurons**

| [<img src="HodgkinHuxley.gif"  class="galleryimg">](HodgkinHuxley.gif) | Bistability in the **Hodgkin-Huxley** model of the action potential in squid axon.|
| [<img src="MorrisLecarHopf.gif" class="galleryimg">](MorrisLecarHopf.gif) | Supercritical Hopf bifurction in the **Morris-Lecar** model of barnacle muscle. |
| [<img src="MorrisLecarSNLC.gif" class="galleryimg">](MorrisLecarSNLC.gif) | Saddle-Node bifurcation on a Limit Cycle in the **Morris-Lecar** model. |
| [<img src="Pospischil2008_RS.gif" class="galleryimg">](Pospischil2008_RS.gif) | Regular spiking in a minimal neural model by **Pospischil**, et al.|
| [<img src="HindmarshRoseDemo.gif" class="galleryimg">](HindmarshRoseDemo.gif) | Intrinsic Bursting in the **Hindmarsh-Rose** neuron.|

***

## **Neural Masses**

| [<img src="WilsonCowan0D.gif" class="galleryimg">](WilsonCowan0D.gif) | **Wilson-Cowan** model of reciprocally-coupled excitatory and inhibitory neural populations.|
| [<img src="BTF2003A.gif" class="galleryimg">](BTF2003A.gif) | Chaos in the **Breakspear-Terry-Friston** model.|
| [<img src="EIE0D.gif" class="galleryimg">](EIE0D.gif) | Perceptual opponency in the **Heitmann-Ermentrout** E-I-E model.|

***

## **Spatial Models**

| [<img src="FHN2D_dualrotor.gif" class="galleryimg">](FHN2D_dualrotor.gif) | Initiation of spiral rotors in a sheet of **FitzHugh-Nagumo** neurons. |
| [<img src="FHN2D_annulus.gif" class="galleryimg">](FHN2D_annulus.gif) | Arrhythmogenesis in a heterogeneous sheet of **FitzHugh-Nagumo** neurons with a tissue boundary. |

***

## **Normal Forms**

| [<img src="SNIC_XY.gif" class="galleryimg">](SNIC_XY.gif) | Normal form of the **Saddle-Node bifurcation on a Limit Cycle**. The basis of Type-1 neural excitability. |
| [<img src="HopfXY.gif" class="galleryimg">](HopfXY.gif) | Normal form of the **Supercritical Hopf bifurcation**. The basis of Type-2 neural excitability. |

***

## **Classics**

| [<img src="Lorenz.gif" class="galleryimg">](Lorenz.gif) | Determistic chaos in the **Lorenz Attractor**.|
| [<img src="Pendulum.gif" class="galleryimg">](Pendulum.gif) | The **damped-and-driven pendulum**. |
| [<img src="WaveEquation2D.gif" class="galleryimg">](WaveEquation2D.gif) | The 2D **Wave Equation** with reflecting boundary conditions.|
| [<img src="BrownianMotionArithmetic.gif" class="galleryimg">](BrownianMotionArithmetic.gif) | **Arithmetic Brownian Motion**. Drift and diffusion.|
| [<img src="BrownianMotionGeometric.gif" class="galleryimg">](BrownianMotionGeometric.gif) | **Geometric Brownian Motion**. Multiplicative noise. Mathematical finance.|
| [<img src="VanDerPolDemo.gif" class="galleryimg">](VanDerPolDemo.gif) | The **Van Der Pol** relaxation oscillator.|

Commit message:

Added Strogatz examples to the gallery.

gallery.markdown, after:

---
layout: page
title: Gallery
permalink: /gallery/
---

## **Point Neurons**

| [<img src="HodgkinHuxley.gif"  class="galleryimg">](HodgkinHuxley.gif) | Bistability in the **Hodgkin-Huxley** model of the action potential in squid axon.|
| [<img src="MorrisLecarHopf.gif" class="galleryimg">](MorrisLecarHopf.gif) | Supercritical Hopf bifurction in the **Morris-Lecar** model of barnacle muscle. |
| [<img src="MorrisLecarSNLC.gif" class="galleryimg">](MorrisLecarSNLC.gif) | Saddle-Node bifurcation on a Limit Cycle in the **Morris-Lecar** model. |
| [<img src="Pospischil2008_RS.gif" class="galleryimg">](Pospischil2008_RS.gif) | Regular spiking in a minimal neural model by **Pospischil**, et al.|
| [<img src="HindmarshRoseDemo.gif" class="galleryimg">](HindmarshRoseDemo.gif) | Intrinsic Bursting in the **Hindmarsh-Rose** neuron.|

***

## **Neural Masses**

| [<img src="WilsonCowan0D.gif" class="galleryimg">](WilsonCowan0D.gif) | **Wilson-Cowan** model of reciprocally-coupled excitatory and inhibitory neural populations.|
| [<img src="BTF2003A.gif" class="galleryimg">](BTF2003A.gif) | Chaos in the **Breakspear-Terry-Friston** model.|
| [<img src="EIE0D.gif" class="galleryimg">](EIE0D.gif) | Perceptual opponency in the **Heitmann-Ermentrout** E-I-E model.|

***

## **Spatial Models**

| [<img src="FHN2D_dualrotor.gif" class="galleryimg">](FHN2D_dualrotor.gif) | Initiation of spiral rotors in a sheet of **FitzHugh-Nagumo** neurons. |
| [<img src="FHN2D_annulus.gif" class="galleryimg">](FHN2D_annulus.gif) | Arrhythmogenesis in a heterogeneous sheet of **FitzHugh-Nagumo** neurons with a tissue boundary. |

***

## **Normal Forms**

| [<img src="SNIC_XY.gif" class="galleryimg">](SNIC_XY.gif) | Normal form of the **Saddle-Node bifurcation on a Limit Cycle**. The basis of Type-1 neural excitability. |
| [<img src="HopfXY.gif" class="galleryimg">](HopfXY.gif) | Normal form of the **Supercritical Hopf bifurcation**. The basis of Type-2 neural excitability. |

***

## **Classics**

| [<img src="Lorenz.gif" class="galleryimg">](Lorenz.gif) | Determistic chaos in the **Lorenz Attractor**.|
| [<img src="Pendulum.gif" class="galleryimg">](Pendulum.gif) | The **damped-and-driven pendulum**. |
| [<img src="WaveEquation2D.gif" class="galleryimg">](WaveEquation2D.gif) | The 2D **Wave Equation** with reflecting boundary conditions.|
| [<img src="VanDerPolDemo.gif" class="galleryimg">](VanDerPolDemo.gif) | The **Van Der Pol** relaxation oscillator.|
| [<img src="LotkaVolterra.gif" class="galleryimg">](LotkaVolterra.gif) | The **Lotka-Volterra** predator-prey equations.|
| [<img src="BrownianMotionArithmetic.gif" class="galleryimg">](BrownianMotionArithmetic.gif) | **Arithmetic Brownian Motion**. Drift and diffusion.|
| [<img src="BrownianMotionGeometric.gif" class="galleryimg">](BrownianMotionGeometric.gif) | **Geometric Brownian Motion**. Multiplicative noise. Mathematical finance.|

## **Strogatz Textbook Examples**

| [<img src="Strogatz_5_1_1.gif" class="galleryimg">](Strogatz_5_1_1.gif) | **Example 5.1.1.** Closed orbits in the simple harmonic oscillator.|
| [<img src="Strogatz_5_1_2.gif" class="galleryimg">](Strogatz_5_1_2.gif) | **Example 5.1.2.** A pair of uncoupled linear equations.|
| [<img src="Strogatz_5_2_5.gif" class="galleryimg">](Strogatz_5_2_5.gif) | **Example 5.2.5.** A degenerate node has only one eigenvector.|
| [<img src="Strogatz_5_3_1.gif" class="galleryimg">](Strogatz_5_3_1.gif) | **Example 5.3.1.** Love affairs.|
| [<img src="Strogatz_6_3_1.gif" class="galleryimg">](Strogatz_6_3_1.gif) | **Example 6.3.1.** Saddles and stable nodes.|
| [<img src="Strogatz_6_4.gif" class="galleryimg">](Strogatz_6_4.gif) | **Example 6.4.** Rabbits versus Sheep.|
| [<img src="Strogatz_6_5_2.gif" class="galleryimg">](Strogatz_6_5_2.gif) | **Example 6.5.2.** Particle moving in a double well potential.|
| [<img src="Strogatz_6_6_1.gif" class="galleryimg">](Strogatz_6_6_1.gif) | **Example 6.6.1.** System with a nonlinear centre at the origin.|
| [<img src="Strogatz_6_6_2.gif" class="galleryimg">](Strogatz_6_6_2.gif) | **Example 6.6.2.** Symmetrical system with a homoclinic orbit.|
| [<img src="Strogatz_6_6_3.gif" class="galleryimg">](Strogatz_6_6_3.gif) | **Example 6.6.3.** A symmetrical system that is reversible but not conservative.|
| [<img src="Strogatz_6_7.gif" class="galleryimg">](Strogatz_6_7.gif) | **Example 6.7.** The linearly damped pendulum.|
